Hello everyone and welcome to an advanced jingoes section and this section will be discussing class
based views.
So this is your first advanced Gengel section.
And basically what these advanced Shingo sections do is it take deeper dives into certain topics of
Django and this particular section we're going to be discussing class based views or Seabee these previously
we've created views using functions interviews that py file.
However Gyngell provides really powerful tools to use object oriented programming or opii in Python
classes to define views in your views that py file the class based view method offers great functionality
and for most experienced users of Django it's actually their default choice for creating views.
So while I am calling this an advanced topic if you go out into the real world.
Most experienced users of Django actually use class based views as the default method.
So if you ever look for other Django projects you're most likely to experience class based views instead
of function based views.
Now it's much easier to understand class based views after working with function views which is why
I'm calling this an advance topic OK.
We're going to start off with a simple example of a hello world class based view and then slowly build
up to more complex examples and then talking about something called mixdowns.
Ok hope you're excited.
Let's get started.
I'll see at the next lecture.